Prep v11.1.0 release (#757)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# v11.1.0 (2025-11-26)

## OS Changes

> * Add `libdrm` and `rocm-k8s-device-plugin` packages ([#748])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide `libdrm` and `rocm-k8s-device-plugin` packages for AMD GPU detection ([#748])
```
